Start-Restart
    Needs pause button so we can start and restart the program,
    or other option other than refreshing the page.

Long-Term Death
    Doesn't keep running for the entire session, stopped at like an hour.

Summarize-Now
    Should have a button to summarize immediately, rather than next interval.

DM / Player identification
    Can change the "roles" to be DM and all others as players to make it
    improve how it detects people, even if it's not doing individual identification

Fix newlines in transcript - DONE
Add DM / player into loading
    doesn't work with streaming, it says
    "You can pipe streaming transcripts into Speech Understanding post-call."
    So maybe we do this on a thread after like 30 minutes of running the game?
Really slow to process audio FILES - DONE
    Only occurs when file, not when recording live.
    But we can use AudioWorklet in the future if this is an issue.
Summarization events happen on the backend but don't propagate to the frontend - DONE
Include previous summaries in the new summarization so it's not batshit insane - DONE
occasional send error still happening, need to fix or have it restart
show audio file name when processing
update the columns to have headers and be properly formatted
Make each speaker have different color and not have it arbitrarily divided into paragraphs
Remove 'mediaRecorder'?
Add keyterms_prompt for names of speakers?
    Problem here is this has to be added before websocket initialization
    Considering that this also might not improve it much - there are many NPCs and no guarantee
    that the speaker names input on the frontend will even be the same as the character names, or might be abbreviated,
    I think this is a not-add-until-desired.
Modularize script.js more



TITLE: Backend Websocket Termination Error
    Replication Steps: Run the code for a while and then don't be tabbed into the tab, run the code and be looking at the tab.
    Symptoms:
    Remediation / Fixes:
    Notes:
        [Client client_1779914821156_k1rmei5hp] AssemblyAI -> {"type":"Error","error_code":3007,"error":"Input Duration Error: Audio Transmission Rate Exceeded: Received 805.6 sec. audio in 1788.661411 sec"}
        [Client client_1779917431137_gcrxwqpey] AssemblyAI -> {"type":"Error","error_code":3007,"error":"Input Duration Error: Audio Transmission Rate Exceeded: Received 382.0 sec. audio in 64.565582 sec"}
        This occurs when too little, or too much, audio is given in a timeframe.
        So basically, AssemblyAI doesn't like our debug mode where we try to speed process a file.
        Might be only able to fix this by adding the right delay options. And then,
        also fix how it backgrounds our audio process and improve that by switching to audio worklet.


TITLE:
    Replication Steps:
    Symptoms:
    Remediation / Fixes:
    Notes:
